AnnaMaria Summer
Engineering Notebook - Spring Semester

1/17/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Prof Akbas notes:
  - Goals for the semester
  - Need to make sure work distribution is done better
  - Have better contact with customer and product owner
  - Get descriptions of what everyone is doing to give to prof Akbas
  - SCRUM meetings during class with prof, what we've done, what we are planning to do, problems we are having
  - Make sure to work on documentation and ask for comments before its due
  - Watch deadlines
- Team Meeting:
  - Jesse arranged teams
  - My job is the physics engine with Jeremy and doing OO to make sure its modular
 
 1/19/23 - Class/Team Meeting
 - Prof Akbas notes:
  - Make sure to have deadlines
  - Have weights/times on backlogs/tasks
  - Everyone should be saying what there are going to be working on in the upcoming week(s)
  - Give Dr. Lasky a deadline to contact or at least send them what we are doing
    - Do eveything we can to contact her until a certain point when we have to just move forward without her input
- Team Meeting - 
  - Each mini-team worked on defining what they are doing and filling backlog
  - I worked with Jesse and Jeremy to define necessary subsystems

1/24/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Prepared questions for Dr. Lasky
- Worked on making the system modular

1/26/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Had a meeting with Dr. Garfield and Prof Lasky
  - The project should be mission based NOT anomily based
  - She will work on providing a script
  - We don't need to worry about math that much
- I created a general modular overview with the changes dicussed in the meeting

1/30/23 - Individual
- I looked into using threads or multiprocessing for the user interactions

1/31/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Dr. Akbas notes:
  - Basically we need to work faster, dont focus on the unecessary things
- We created a more detailed overview of each subsystem and UI designs
- I took that plan made during the meeting and created a solid first draft of a UML for the subsystems
- I also created a potential UI design for adding generic subsystems which led me to create an even 
  better modular design of the UML
- Carly was sick :(

2/1/23 - Individual
- I worked on making my designs from yesterday even better

2/2/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Prof. Akbas note:
  - Don't forget about documentation, but also don't have all of us working on it
  - Changed presentation date from next Tuesday to the following Tuesday
- Jessie found Brython which solves a lot of our issues
- We will be using python Dictionaries to sort attributes which will help keep it modular
- Started the formal UML design in Draw.io
  - Jessie, Jeremy, and Kyle provided insight on what specific variables and types should be used for different subsystems
- Sidenote: why are dictionaries hard to add to UML's??

2/3/23 - Individual
- Finished the UML version 1
- Worked out a few design issues

2/7/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Worked with Jeremy to implement UML
- Was able to get the Simulation code set up and ready for database interaction
- Worked with Kyle to figure out threads and database interacctions

2/9/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Worked with Jeremy to add more functionality to the subsystems
- Hammered out some good UI designs 

2/14/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Sprint 1 presentation
- Continued working on subsystem interactions

2/16/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Once again re-worked UI design

2/21/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- I was sick :(

2/23/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Got caught up on changes made from last meeting
- Made list of TC inputs that apply to my portion of the project

2/23/23 - Individul
- Re-worked UML to updated code files
- Added some necessary classes and re-arranged the structure to be more modular and to fit with the TC interacctions/inputs

2/24/23 - Individual
- Created more documentation to help keep track of what wach class does and what the attributes/methods do
- Implemented a new MissionManager class to handle all missions a TC creates
- Started planning out the programming for anomolies

2/28/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- 

3/4/23 - Team Meeting
- Me, Jeremy, and Jesse met up
- Made sure all of use had the same version and it worked (mostly)
- Figured out how views and models worked. 
- Moved sim stuff out of TC to simapp and had the system functioning through the correct files

3/5/23 - Team Meeting
- Me, Jeremy, Jesse, Jeff, and Kyle met up
- Got the UI interaction working for the tc pages
- Kyle set up testapp to test the system and have a working version for the demo
- Accidentally broke the button to go to a sim page, everything else is working though!

3/6/23 - Individual
- Spoke to Garfield and showed him the (mostly) working system
- He mentioned concerns about the modularity of the project and I reassured him that the system was mostly modular

3/7/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Gave sprint 2 presentation
- Worked on defining how the Roll/Pitch/Yaw needs to work
  - Ultimetly decided it was randomly updated
- Ranges for Roll/Pitch/Yaw:
  - Roll: -180, 180
  - Pitch: -90, 90
  - Yaw: -180, 180
- Methods for ACS subsystem:
  - updateRollPitchYaw() -> return updated roll, pitch, yaw angles
  - setRollPitchYaw(roll, pitch, yaw) -> return updated roll, pitch, yaw angles
  - systemStatus() -> return boolean
  - sendTelemetry() -> ???
- Fixed the Sim button I broke
- Mission and Sim objects are now being created. The "createSusystems()" method in Simulation/SimObject.py is now being called in simapp/models.py "Sim" model.
- Fixed all the imports for the Simulation files

3/9/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- I got my wisdom teeth out, was not there
- Start of spring break (for me)

3/21/23 - Class Team Meeting
- Sorted tasks, made game plan for upcoming weeks

3/23/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Had an issue with a folder name being changed in the project

3/25/23 - Team Meeting
- Me, Jesse, and Jeff met up for 7 hours
- Me and Jesse worked on getting the new sim and new mission pages to work as well as attaching a SimObject to each Sim in the database
- We now have a connection for the backend and the front end!!
- Made list of everything left to do with the project
- The light is at the end of the tunnel!!

3/26/23 - Team Meeting
- Me, Jesse, and Jeff met up again, stayed for a couple hours
- Jesse and I didn't do much because we had done so much the previous day

3/28/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- Caught everyone up on what was done over the weekend. 
- Jesse didn't give me anything to do 
- Fixed minor issues with what had been done over the weekend and what others were doing

3/30/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- I didn't have anything to do, everyone else was working on things

4/4/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- I accidentally took too much benadryl and had to go to ER, I'm okay though

4/6/23 - Class/Team Meeting
- I was still feeling out of it from my accidental benadryl trip so I didn't do anything
- Made plans to meet over the weekend

4/8/23 - Team Meeting
- Me, Jeremy, Jesse, and Kyle met up
- Realized there were a lot of issues with the subsystem functionality
- Made solid plan to fix the subsystems and what exactly needed to be done
- Was able to fix the ACS so that it is 100% done now, Kyle just needs to use it with the console
- RIP Dicts
